---
title: "Professional Philosophy" 
data: ""
weight: 10
---
I believe that higher education is a place where everyone has space and flexibility for self-exploration and growth. Serving and supporting students to explore their interests, find their strengths, and develop their plenty of possibilities inspire me to work in higher education. The environment that I enjoy most is where everyone shares thoughts equally, builds rapport with each other, and receives efficient resources to grow. I hope to contribute to such a campus with a student-centered and growth mindset.


First, it is a crucial stage for students to explore and understand themselves and their passions. Growing up in a culture that assumes that everyone should follow the same path and pursue similar goals, I feel the flexibility for students to learn and grow is indispensable. Such an opportunity is valuable for students to know themselves as well as identify their goals, which does not benefit their future careers, but also their happiness. Moreover, compared to external motivation for someone else’s expectations, internal motivation is more durable. I have faith that everyone has their strengths and talents. Therefore, I feel most passionate about creating an environment that supports students to identify their strengths and build their career paths accordingly. 


Second, the campus that I enjoy most is inclusive and supportive. Everyone comes into college with various characteristics and backgrounds, but they should have access to opportunities and resources equally. Students’ demographics now become increasingly diverse. When communicating with students, I keep an open mind and appreciate everyone’s perspectives. I prefer to “call in” with understanding and communicating instead of “call out” with excluding and rejecting. I believe that there are no right or wrong perspectives, but just need more information and communication. Contacting students also helps me to identify my biases, recognize my privilege and power, and understand different perspectives. It is also an opportunity for me to grow together with them and understand myself.


Third, I value a growth mindset. Such a mindset encourages people to believe in their abilities to continue improving and learning, which is important for student success as well as my professional development. Recognizing that students may differ in many respects, I prefer to emphasize the learning and progress they make. While outcomes matter, as a student affair professional, it is crucial to guide students to build confidence in their abilities as well as attain a growth mindset that their talents can be developed through hardworking, adopting learning strategies, etc. Therefore, students could feel more empowered, motivated, and committed. Moreover, such a mindset is also significant for me to keep learning and growing. Higher education is a place that requires people to keep in the front rank of the times.  Working in higher education requires me to work closely with students and follow the updated external requirements, which requires employees to continue learning and growing across my professional career. 


Fourth, I would like to include critical thinking. We are living in an age of information explosion. I feel that this stage of students’ life is crucial for them to develop critical thinking. On campus, they are free to express their opinions and exposure to various perspectives from others, as well as receive feedback. During the communication process, I hope to show my critical thinking ability and guide them to build the ability to reason and critique, instead of taking all ideas with a grain of salt. To do that, I want to build a rapport relationship with students so that they can feel comfortable expressing and arguing their opinions. Debating is a good method to reflect assumptions and evidence, identify connections between ideas, recognize inconsistencies and errors, and analyze problems consistently and systematically. Such ability is not only beneficial for their success in courses but is also helpful for their future career. 
